okay all right welcome back inside in
the kitchen my name is of course Kent
Holtzman and this week's episode was
dedicated to one of my international
viewers and I welcome all my
international viewers to watching my
recipes I'm honored that people across
the world are watching my videos and she
specifically requested a recipe that it
was near and dear to her heart
Wienerschnitzel she was from Austria and
I was he ready and willing to rumble
cable on the treats that I had when I
was in Germany so come along with me and
we'll cook it up a little carb stop so I
have four tenderloins that have been
mechanically tenderized by my butcher
you might need to ask your butcher to do
it for you they often have the equipment
ready and waiting to be used but you do
have to sometimes ask for it so I'm
going to just put a dash of salt on the
top of each of these and I'm going to
put a dash of pepper on each of these as
well
all right let's let these asides always
get our cooking dishes right first
things first we need a cup of Parmesan
cheese to this we're going to add 1/4 of
teaspoon of red pepper just amp it up a
little bit and a half a teaspoon of
paprika all right
that's around make sure it's fully
covered all right
the next topping we're going to have is
just pork rinds now I do a lot of things
that you want to make sure you do is
read the ingredients up you want to find
the pork rinds that doesn't have any
sugar on the label buy the ones you want
don't buy the ones you don't want so
we're going to put that in here and for
the file mixture I need to make an egg
and cream back all right I have my stuff
ready so I'm there crack one egg into
this dish add roughly 1/2 a cup of heavy
cream
and a half a cup of water keep the two
together all right we're ready to go all
right
so first things first take your pork
cutlet flip it over get a good coating
of Parmesan cheese on it
dip it in the mixture and then put it in
your for crimes let's get it well coated
flip it over make sure that full sides
are equally coated and lay it on your
pan I'm going to do the rest up
off-camera so come along with me and
we'll finish it up all right make sure
you cover both sides put in the egg wash
dip both sides give it a good shake
shaking more than twice you're playing
with it
put in the pork rinds shake off the
excess and put it on your plate all
right welcome back the venous nets all
have been in the freezer for about 15 to
20 minutes I wanted to make sure that
the breading really stuck on to the pork
cutlets so that they didn't fall off in
the fryer now you may notice I have a
new fryer I got this for my father's day
the old one wore out so my kids were
nice enough to give me a new one so at
this point you want to layer the pork
cutlets into the fryer I have an oil set
at 375 degrees the reasons that
one is because you want to cook it out
of the hein up temp so that the
intercepts will just do not get oily or
greasy at 375 degrees the steam that's
coming out of the pork cutlets isn't is
preventing the grease from re-entering
the pork cutlet so um the Vayner
schnitzel should take about forward him
five minutes and then we'll want to flip
them over and do at least two to three
minutes on the other side just so that
both sides are equally done all right
so these are basically done do a shake
get all the excess oil off let them cool
on the paper lined plate for oh say five
minutes so that they cool down I think
we want to thank you guys for watching I
hope this reaches everyone great health
and have a great day bye
you